
Chances are you need to install .NET 4 (Which will also create a new AppPool for you)

First make sure you have IIS installed then perform the following steps:

Open your command prompt (Windows + R) and type cmd and press ENTER
You may need to start this as an administrator if you have UAC enabled.
To do so, locate the exe (usually you can start typing with Start Menu open), right click and select "Run as Administrator"
Type cd C:\Windows\Microsoft.NET\Framework\v4.0.30319\ and press ENTER.
Type aspnet_regiis.exe -ir and press ENTER again.
If this is a fresh version of IIS (no other sites running on it) or you're not worried about the hosted sites breaking with a framework change you can use -i instead of -ir. This will change their AppPools for you and steps 5-on shouldn't be necessary.
at this point you will see it begin working on installing .NET's framework in to IIS for you
Close the DOS prompt, re-open your start menu and right click Computer and select Manage
Expand the left-hand side (Services and Applications) and select Internet Information Services
You'll now have a new applet within the content window exclusively for IIS.
Expand out your computer and locate the Application Pools node, and select it. (You should now see ASP.NET v4.0 listed)
Expand out your Sites node and locate the site you want to modify (select it)
To the right you'll notice Basic Settings... just below the Edit Site text. Click this, and a new window should appear
Select the .NET 4 AppPool using the Select... button and click ok.
Restart the site, and you should be good-to-go.
(You can repeat steps 7-on for every site you want to apply .NET 4 on as well).
安装目标: windows server 2008
安装步骤：
1 安装iis
2 安装asp.net 4.0
a 用管理员方式打开cmd
b Type cd C:\Windows\Microsoft.NET\Framework\v4.0.30319\ and press ENTER.
c Type aspnet_regiis.exe -ir and press ENTER again.
3 配置iis
a 在计算机管理或管理工具中找到iis图标，点击进入
b 右键网站，添加网站，设置网站路径和名称，右键该站点，编辑邦定
c 点击应用程序池，如有asp.net 4.0选项则启动之，否则添加再启动
d 右键站点-〉管理网站-〉高级设置...-〉应用程序池-〉选择asp.net 4.0
e 右键站点-〉管理网站-〉启动
4 配置站点文件夹权限，确保everyone拥有读写执行该文件夹文件权限
5 新建数据库名为onlineExam
6 数据库management studio中右键安全性-〉新建登陆-〉创建sa帐户，密码为helloworld
7 进入webform1 安装试卷题目，加载学生列表（一次性）并生成考试任务（每场考试生成一次，填写不同的考试名称），针对每场考试组卷（每场考试组一次，每次组卷时选择考场名称和要用到的试卷）